Docs: Add  $__rate_interval variable to global variables (#36378)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/variables/variable-types/global-variables.md

Currently only supported for Prometheus data sources. This variable represents the range for the current dashboard. It is calculated by `to - from`. It has a millisecond and a second representation called `$__range_ms` and `$__range_s`.

## $__rate_interval

> Currently only supported for Prometheus data sources. The `$__rate_interval` variable is meant to be used in the rate function. For detailed information, refer to [Prometheus query variables]({{< relref "../datasources/prometheus.md">}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently only supported for Prometheus data sources. The `$__rate_interval` variable is meant to be used in the rate function. Refer to [Prometheus query variables]({{< relref "../datasources/prometheus.md">}}) for details. 
```
